Jonathan givanni of draft express are
here with Elijah Thomas from Dallas
Texas at the Penguins all-american camp
Elijah how is a Southern California
treating you so far it's fine I like it
a lot tomorrow I hope that I can go take
a visit USC or something like that
what uh what was your goal coming into
this week here for mr. Dino's to give me
the MVP no I get it get burned you know
stay in shape because we got the PC I'm
coming up we really want to win that
so I guess is standing shape and may
email building our chemistry for next
year for people who are watching this
video that might not be familiar with
you what can you tell us about yourself
or your background background I was
really big growing up that's a lot of
weight I was like 280 65 and I'm six
nine to 35 so you know it's just hard
work my mom taught me how to shoot both
hands and I was younger like I was like
a toddler she had a lot of um lot of
scholarship offers who she was in high
school but she had my sister so she just
started teaching south my basketball my
brother played at U of H bar and Thomas
is like 16 that's about it I play video
games hang out my friends and just chill
how did you lose all that weight oh it
was a transition you know dedicated
myself I was praying I moved to rock I
moved to rock wall on with the middle
school there and I was working out with
my head my a you coach Rob McQuaid and
West Grant stuff and my trainer real
Porter and we uh we just we just told
myself we was go lose go dedicate me I
started running every day shooting shots
jumping rope and then last year I got
introduced to the super cat and it took
my athleticism so I can like dunk on
people you know have fun so what's a
super cat it's kind of just like squad
invited some machines that are you
having a weight on your shoulder you're
actually like inside the machine and
you're jumping up and down jump
angle calf raises and the a helps a lot
increases your butter for like instantly
so you change your diet at all yeah most
definitely I eat I eat strictly I don't
eat fast food anymore you know it's
grilled I make chicken and shrimp and
you know I put it in like a salad add
some ranch no it's just a basic stuff
are you an inside guy what do you mean
like a perimeter oriented interior
oriented how what style of big man are
you I mean I guess I guess I'm overall
still big man I can play low and you
know a little hot post you know I mean I
work on hot areas in my game and I
admire so many people so I tell my train
to add that into my game and he does so
I'm able to have the first the heart
hand when I'm playing against anyone any
guys that you're watching in the
playoffs the last couple weeks that that
that you really like anybody trying to
take stuff away from their game almost
definitely I'm a big fan of the game I
studied come out Anthony Zeebo LeBron
James I study a Kevin Durant when he's
inside the little quick floater off the
off the shoulders talking to you both
and that's about it I studied at Kimmel
Azam and every morning every night
that's like I'm on my list of them think
I do if I go to sleep anything when
you're gonna be picking at school what
are some of the things that you're going
to be considering in the in your
decision I'm gonna be considering a
family orientated you know everyone's
friends everyone likes to have fun a
system but if you can score the ball and
you're a leader they let you play that's
about it is there one school that was
like your dream school growing up
growing up
me and king McClure from triple-a
Academy we live week I lived with them
for a while and we were big North
Carolina fans you know like we would
play inside the gym would play
one-on-one for clothes be like almost
shot mechanics and he'd be like he's
Raymond Felton so you know we kind of
did that weirdo that was our fan team
and we played video games would always
do a dynasty together with North
Carolina so that was a school but
everything's changed now because none of
us ourselves getting this far so
everything's changed I don't have a
favorite or every and every schools
recruiting me do the same so are they
showing any interest Carolina yeah yes
sir yes sir showing high interest you
say where do you see yourself five years
from now five years from now I want to
be I want to be I want to have a major
impact right when I come in it if I make
it to the NBA I want to have a high
impact high LeBron James did that's like
one of my goals I don't want to just
make it to the NBA I want to train to be
one of the best to ever play so that's
what I that's what I work on what about
College colleges or colleges that's
something I really look forward to you
know having fun meeting a lot of people
building relationships with the coaches
because at the end of the day you know
basketball I'm gonna be there forever
you